[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: What we wanna do first is
I'm just going to pull open the todo app.
>> Scott Moss: And
it's actually pretty simple.
The person that made this
did a really good job on it.
I was working on my own and
halfway through I found this and
I was like that's the one that I want.
So we're gonna change a few things
around in our todo app to actually
have this makes sense.
Otherwise it's gonna be kind of crazy.
So let's bring the area over there.
Okay, let's just run this very quick.
>> Scott Moss: All right so
I'll let that run, so
the first thing we need to
do is actually download it.
So we can download it by
NPM install this thing.
React-native-scrollable-tab-view.
Really verbose.
So we'll download that and
then we'll just import
the react-native-scrollable-tab-view.
Sometimes you'll see require,
if you're not familiar with node,
that's just the ES5.
This is how you require
modules in common JS,
we just used the ES6
version which is import.
But when that compiles down to ES5,
it just turns to this anyway.
So that means we can use require
in our code and still works.
So let's download it.
Let's head over and
I now we just need to figure out
an appropriate place to put this.
So if you think about it.
Let's go back to the design arch,
now we're gonna be doing the todo app,
we're now gonna go design our app.
I know, so the todo app,
I would say appropriate place would be
probably the root of our application.
It would be to perfect place to put
the tab interview or the tab interface.
So let's go there and then this case
it's actually, is it the wrong app?
Well, there it is, todo,
you come up over here.
Thank you.
And this case is going to be main,
so main is the root.
So this is where we are gonna import it.
So we'll say import and
we'll say TabView from
react-native-scrollable-tab-view.
Cool.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Question I
think in the channel.
Jessy T is asking about UI page view
controller from iOS, if that will work?
>> Scott Moss: UI page view controller,
I'm pretty sure that's iOS only.
UI page view.
>> Speaker 2: So I don't understand the
question that they're asking actually, so.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
I think what he's asking for is for
older version of react native,
I don't they use that component anymore.
They're trying to
standardize everything but
usually if it says UI on it or
iOS only, it's only for that platform.
So I guess that whatever Jessy is talking
about is only gonna work for iOS.
But I'm also pretty sure
that that is deprecated.
They no longer use it.
Like a lot of the docs use some
stuff that's not used anymore.
That is the container part of
the Android part, the container
part of the Android
part that he mentioned.
Not sure.
Well, I had to come back to that,
I'm not sure what Jessy is talking about.
Anyway, so the TabView here,
we run Java right here in the main.
Well, the scroll view tab, yes,
the scroll view tab view will totally work
because it's built in just JavaScript.
This TabView that we're using right now
is built to harvest in JavaScript which
means it works on both platforms.
It doesn't have any native dependencies.
So yes, it will totally work.
We haven't gotten to the section where
we're gonna use native stuff yet.
Cool, okay.
So now we can just say scroll view or
whatever we call it TabView.
We just drop that in there, shazam.
And the way this works is if you look at
the docks, it's actually pretty cool.
>> Scott Moss: All we have to do is just
pass in as children the components that we
want to render.
And it just have to have a tab label, we
can put a tab bar here if we wanted to but
it will just render one by default for us.
So let's just do that.
So we'll just say TabView,
we have our todo and
then we'll say tablabel equals Todos.
That's it.
So let's reload this.
I think I got the wrong app one.
Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Sweet notes.
Think I had to build it now, well,
let's just reload just in case.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let me rebuild this.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, something's wrong.
>> Scott Moss: Sweet.
So let this rebuild.
So this is a simple way just to get
some pretty slick tabs in our app.
Super easy.
Any questions on this so far?
All right, cool.
Let this build.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, adb devices.
So the the device is offline, so I need
it to shut it down and open it back up.
I think it tried to install
while there was an error up, so
it just couldn't connect to it and
this happens sometimes.
I'm just gonna start it up again.
There we go.
Now with this scroller tab view, one is
actually probably the best one I've seen
because what it allows you
to do which others don't.
Is it allows you to create your own
custom tab bar, where is it, where?
So you can just render a bar,
you can pass any component that you want.
And then he goes on and he specifies
what that tab are must be expecting.
So as you look at our design,
we have this transparent tab
bar here and
by running your own custom tab bar.
You can do things like, so
I think by default it will highlight
the bottom of each square in the tab
when it's like on active tab.
But you can change that to don't hide
the bottom, just hide the whole square or
change the code of the icon or
make it bigger, scale it.
Or shrink it or wherever you want
just by running your own bar and
it won't affect new transitioning
tabs which I think is pretty awesome.
Okay, so we got that up and
I was right it again.
Adb devices, there it is.
>> Scott Moss: Actually, there is
a really good router that it's been like,
I've noticed coming out of
the react native community.
It's like a redux router I think,
somebody made it for
react native, looks pretty good,
just haven't tried it out yet.
I've been using the tabs.
>> Scott Moss: All right.
Let's check this out.
>> Scott Moss: Let's go in here and
reload.
>> Scott Moss: It's trying to
connect to a remote debugger.
Go away!
>> Scott Moss: Stop it.
That's why it was messing our [INAUDIBLE],
paused on an exception, remote debugger.
Okay, let me try to exit this
without restarting everything.
Please just stop.
All right, so
I'm gonna shut this down again [LAUGH].
I run it one more time.
>> Scott Moss: Everybody see
the issue that I ran into?
It connected to the remote debugger and
I clicked a breakpoint and
it paused there and
I kept clicking on the UI.
Refresh, reload, but it was like when you
told me the pause, I don't want to do.
So the emulator crashes cuz I'm
sending these physical commands, but
the software is I'm stuck, so
what do you want me to do, it just died.
>> Scott Moss: So if I run it again,
it's gonna connect to the debugger
cuz that was the last setting.
And all I need to do is go into web and
uncheck that right-click.
So it doesn't freak out.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So I'll come in here, go to sources.
>> Speaker 2: Couple of questions or
problems from the chatroom.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: David is asking
about the ABD command.
>> Scott Moss: Android Device Bridge.
>> Speaker 2: I think it's ADB.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Not ABD.
>> Scott Moss: Yes, Android Device Bridge.
So if you install Android
on your computer,
you'll get this command called Android and
you can run it.
And it will just open up like the
Android SDK installer and all the stuff.
It also installs this thing called ADB,
which is a debugging tool
that Android developers use to bridge
their device to their computer.
So it's a great way to connect devices,
enter devices into your computer.
I use it a lot not just react native
development before like adding ROMs and
modifications to my Android phone.
It's just a way to connect devices to your
computer and you're running adb devices,
we can detect what devices
are attached to our computer.
In this case, it's only this emulator one,
that is what that's for.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, another issue,
Mark H is saying he is getting
an error with iOS in TabView.
Children.forEach is not a function.
>> Speaker 3: Same here.
>> Scott Moss: Same thing, okay.
I will run to this issue and
we'll probably fix it.
Let's see what happens.
I've run an iOS before and I didn't
have issues, so it should be fine.
All right.
Sweet.
So let's reload this, look,
I'm getting right now too, so
children for each is not a function.
Let's just refresh this.
All right.
So I'm getting the same thing.
Let's figure out where
this is coming from,
if we look, go back at the docks,
probably forgot something.
There we go.
So it says here.
Scroll over.
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE] Tab [INAUDIBLE].
>> Scott Moss: You just need
more than one tab, yeah.
So let's just add a new view here.
Just to quiet it.
And also, it needs a tablabel.
And we'll say other.
There we go.
What?
Come on bro.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So now we have this nice
TabView with the Todos.
The one that we already had right
here on this Todos right here.
And then other.
If you click on it, it will scroll, so
that we can also just
slide over with a gesture.
And you can see it's native, but
it was built in JavaScript, that's crazy.
If you ever try to do
this on my mobile web,
you know that this is not easy to do and
still be 60 frames per second.
That's just not a thing.
Cuz the delay on the web with the touch
and the dragging is not meant for screens.
It's just not gonna be the same,
but you can just come in here and
you could do this all day and
it's like [INAUDIBLE] free.
No junk there.
And it's all javaScript which is amazing,
that just blew my mind
when I first saw it.